	
Shirley H.
CA, CA
033
Jan 15, 2026
3 photos
Exceeded my expectations. They just had every single kid in their pocket, fully entertained. I actually got to hang out with other grown ups for a change. Highly recommend.

Laura P.
Alameda, CA
011
May 26, 2025
1 photo
Highly recommend! Absolutely incredible every single time! I've been lucky enough to have FunPower Events for several years now on my kids birthday parties, and I can honestly say they are the GOLD standard for kids' party entertainment. Every party we've had with them has been a huge hit with both kids and parents. The energy, creativity, and care they bring is unmatched!
They offer an impressively versatile selection of characters and themes, and they always bring them to life with so much personality and authenticity. We've done Pokémon, a magical Frozen party with Elsa, Anna, Kristoff - plus a surprise Olaf appearance, huge hit! Our most recent was their newest addition Laser tag party for our son's 8th birthday, and not only was the event amazing - afterward, Valentina sent us a full photo session report from the party! That level of thoughtfulness and attention to detail just blew me away.
Before finding them, I had tried other entertainers(borth at my kids, or their friends birthdays) but since discovering FunPower Events, we haven't used anyone else. They are hands-down the best in the Bay Area, and we always look forward to planning our next celebration with them. If you want a party your child and their friends will remember forever, this is the team to trust!

Business owner information
Valentyna B.

Business Owner

May 26, 2025

Thank you so much for your kind feedback

Masha L.
South San Francisco, CA
044
Nov 6, 2024
3 photos
Highly recommend Funpower Events for your child's never celebration! We celebrated my daughter's 5th Birthday and Ariel and Erik came to the party! The kids were engaged the whole time and the parents were able to enjoy themselves again! Great for kids of all ages because we have toddlers and older kids!

Victoriya R.
Palo Alto, CA
62213
Oct 20, 2024
1 photo
Funpowere Events is an excellent team to entertain your kids and parents! Everybody loves them on our daughter's birthdays for the last four years! They are simply amazing and you will have a fantastic time too! Valentina is the best!

Elvina T.
San Jose, CA
15574
Jan 26, 2022
4 photos
This review is long overdue but Funpower team has done an incredible job with our son's Star Wars themed birthday party! We had Vader and Rey and they were fully engaged with the children for 90 minutes non-stop! Kids of all ages had a fantastic time and parents got to relax and enjoy themselves because kids were taken care of! They had a "magic" wagon with all sorts of activities and just when we thought things were over they began making ice cream!!! I will definitely hire them again for future events and highly recommend this team for you next party!

Business owner information
Valentyna B.

Business Owner

Jan 26, 2022

Thank you so much for your support and trust

Germana S.
Willow Glen, San Jose, CA
222017
Jun 27, 2021
2 photos
Yesterday we went to a party and and SPIDERMAN and WONDER WOMAN were there too. They did an amazing job with the kids, lots of activities, like face painting, games, cotton candy. My son had a lot of fun. We will call them for my son's party too. Really recommended Thankyou "funpower events"

Megen V.
San Francisco, CA
11950
Mar 5, 2023
I cannot overstate how wonderful Valentyna is! She has done parties for both of my daughters and is amazing. From facepainting to balloons to games, activities and quests, she does it all! Hire her for your next party- you'll never have to search for another party idea or entertainment again!

Liza M.
Harrisburg, PA
820
Nov 22, 2019
First to Review
We had an amazing experience with Funpower events. Valentina planned for our son unique birthday party. All the small details were taken in attention. Her team kept all children busy with a lots of active games, quests. It is really team of professionals, who knows how to work with kids of different kinds of age and field of interests. We are really happy that we stoped our choice on funpower events
Highly professional and friendly team. I highly recommend!

Business owner information
Valentyna B.

Business Owner

Nov 22, 2019

Thank you for your review. We are really happy that you enjoyed it

Brian E.
San Francisco, CA
030
Dec 14, 2020
These are the most wonderful Santa Claus and his granddaughter that our kid has ever met! My daughter will forever remember the day when they came over to visit her, brought her presents and entertained her, she had SO much fun!!! Totally recommend!

